Good morning, family. How are you all doing? I have a word for you all again today; it is basically direction for what the Lord has told me to tell you.
I was out mowing the grass on Sunday and the Lord spoke to me about things.
It was about the video that I posted on Sunday regarding the great refiner's fire that was coming.
People are asking me when this is going to happen and when these events are going to take place.
The more I do these videos and the more I have been praying and being obedient to what He has asked me to do by coming on YouTube and telling you all things, the gift is multiplying.
The ability to hear Him and to flow with Him in the spirit is on another level that I was not familiar with.
I would see things before, and the Lord would show me things in advance, but now whenever I talk to Him, it is almost like downloads on a daily basis.
I have these conversations and the Lord talks to me, and it has been really different. Even my prayer time is different.
I was asking Him, 'Lord, what about all these people talking about the virus coming in the fall?'There are a lot of rumors; I see it even on InfoWars and some of these other platforms.
People were sending me stuff—my family here sends me stuff through my email telling me to watch this and that—so everybody is trying to keep me informed on what is going on in the world.
I appreciate everybody trying to help. I cannot watch it all, but the ones that my wife brings to me and says, 'I really think you should watch this one,'I will take the time to try to watch it.
It has been amazing—the people, the support, and everything—with everybody all trying to be like a family.
That is why I felt, whenever I was praying about what to say to you all, a family connection.
I want to bring us together and knit us together like a family so that we are able to lean on each other in the comment section and pray and agree with each other when we are having hard times.
I see a lot of you polished Christians who really know the Word come out whenever there is a person who is not as polished or a baby Christian who is asking for help, and you are just helping them.
There are a lot of good, seasoned believers on this channel that are following me, and I am honored that you all are here, that we are all a family praying together. I just want to say thank you for the support.
When I was praying over the fall and looking into the spirit, asking about it, whenever I try to tell you all what I am seeing and feeling, it is like a pulse—like a heartbeat on those monitors.
Whenever I am praying over it, yes, there is something there about it.
I asked the Lord, 'Is this a major event?'and He says it will try to be if they are going to try to make it that way.
They are going to try to escalate that and fear. I am going to say it like this: Is this the 350 million that I saw?
No. A lot of you will not like what I am going to say, but that is years down the road.
I believe, whenever I am praying, 2025 has the potential to be very dark. We have authority to pray over this stuff.
When I am praying over the virus, I saw blue states—and if you are familiar with America, the Democrats are blue and the Republicans are red—you have the conservatives and the liberals.
In the Democratic-run states, I saw more of an escalation in those government-run areas, escalating even more so than in the red states.
Then He showed me more of a migration of people leaving the blue states, like believers that are fed up with that kind of stuff—the mandates, the masks, things like that.
I have to be careful because I do not know how far I can say some of this on here because they want to try to suppress my stuff; that is what they are trying to do with their agenda.
I saw a migration where people are relocating more and more.
This causes you to move where before you probably would have been comfortable in your surroundings.
You do not really want to move out because this is the way it has always been—'Mom lived here, her mom lived here, and five generations of family have lived in this town.'It takes pressure to make you want to move and do something.
This relocating is uncomfortable, but it is for what is coming in the near future, a couple of years from now.
I do not like quoting time frames, but when you are seeing in the spirit, it is like depth perception.
You could think it is right on top of you and that it will definitely be this fall, but it actually could be years out.
The 350 million is a worldwide event that the Lord has shown me. That is something that we can pray over.
What I am learning is that we have authority in this earth while we are here to rule and reign with Him, and a lot of people do not understand that.
I understand there are a lot of new believers on my channel; I get that from the comment section. You do not understand your authority or how to pray.
I am going to try to do that over the course of videos in the future, trying to give you the ABCs of how to make everything work in the spirit realm.
I am so used to talking to adults and very seasoned believers.
I realize, and I do not want to sound arrogant, it is just a process of life that I have been through and some people are just now going through those beginning stages.
This is where we are with the virus that everybody is talking about on the internet; the media has not even really picked up on it yet.
Like I just said, you see the blue states and you see the red states.
A lot of the people that are conservative from the blue states are going to relocate.
The Lord told me in the past that they will move to the central part of America, to Florida, and into the red states.
He showed me this and said, 'I am giving people more time, Brandon, before this main event.'I am going to call it the main event—the major shaking, the major things that are taking place through the fall and going into the winter.
He is giving us more time. There is a heartbeat, like I told you; there is an agenda.
How big that agenda becomes, how much it tries to take over with mask mandates and all the drama throughout the world with this new variant—the Lord was showing me it is no different than the seasonal flu.
The seasonal flu has more potential to harm people in the natural than what this is going to do, but they will try to hype it up.
It will be almost like a yearly thing they try to do. Now, the wave that I saw coming in the future that is very devastating—I do not think it is the same kind of thing.
I think it is something else. This is not a C-word virus; this is something else.
Whenever I have seen over there and the Lord showed me about it, it is very serious.
What I saw about the refiner's fire, I believe with all my heart, is a financial system crash.
It is a financial crisis similar to the Great Depression. Again, people want to know what I saw.
I saw people standing in line for food. I saw food lines. I saw people not being able to live normally.
I saw people rioting and pillaging, stealing from people like crazy in major cities—at gunpoint—all kinds of crazy stuff, trying to steal people's food, their cars, whatever they could get their hands onto because people were that desperate.
I am talking about complete anarchy in some major cities. That is why I am telling you that in what is coming, He is giving people a timeframe to be able to prepare and get ready.
People will stand and resist it. People will try to say, 'That is not happening here. We are not going back into that rabbit hole.
We are going to stand for what we want and go by our Constitution.'Then when I saw spring, whenever the eclipses go over America and it goes right over the New Madrid Fault, I was reading an article from Israel.
They were saying that they wanted to have the two-state solution done before the elections, to try to have all this done before Joe Biden was out of office, before the 2024 election happens.
They had a mandate trying to have the two-state solution dividing the land of Israel done by March.
Within six to 12 months is what they were trying to push for by this time next year—to have it completely done, divide the land, and start getting the Third Temple built.
If that is the case, the eclipse happens in April of 2024, which is a major event that we will see take place.
What I saw in March, with them saying that they wanted to do this, was another major event—wanting to have this all done with Saudi Arabia, with the prince of Saudi Arabia ruling over all the holy sites.
This is a whole other mess. We are going to go through people relocating and moving.
Whenever I saw the light over the central part of America, going down the I-35 corridor where the glorious church is—where a major part of the end-time revivals are—one of the major hubs goes down the I-35 corridor from Wichita, Kansas, all the way down to Dallas-Fort Worth.
It is like a major highway, a vein of revival. I was on my mower and the Lord says to me, 'Brandon, what are you believing for?'I want you to get this.
He said you can believe in your heart and start saying it out of your mouth because out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
You can start attracting lack to you; you can start attracting the financial crisis to you by what you say and what you believe. As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.
He said, 'I am telling you, the great shaking for the ones that are awake—the remnant that is awake right now—this is not for you.'He is warning you ahead of time for you to prepare your families and get into places of refuge so that you are able to be protected.
If you are listening to Him, you will follow Him about what to invest in, what you need to have, where you live, and having gun so that you can protect yourself.
Some people do not believe in that—whatever you want to have, a sword or whatever—but you need something to protect your family.
You say, 'Well, I am just going to use the name of Jesus.'Okay, well, if you do not know how to use the name of Jesus now to protect you, what makes you think you can do it then?
You need to start practicing the name of Jesus now on circumstances—maybe a dog is coming across the street trying to bite your kid—use it then too.
You do not want to be in a time of crisis and not have any experience in that area.
You need to learn how to walk by faith now before the drama happens.
Practice His presence and His authority now over the weather.
Call in rain, start speaking to the weather, start speaking to the rain to come or the hot weather to leave.
I speak to the high-pressure system all the time. I speak to the rain to come.
The Lord told me what you are believing in your heart and your mind will start coming to you.
Because what you believe is in your heart, it will start coming out of your mouth, and when you start saying that, it attracts that Law of Attraction of the Holy Spirit because it is by words.
The power of life and death is in the tongue. When you start saying that out of your mouth, you are going to start manifesting it in your life.
What you say today is what you are going to live tomorrow; what you are living today is what you said days ago.
You have to already say, 'I will not participate in the Great Depression ever in my life.
I will not participate in a recession. That is for them; that is not for me.'I have a heavenly account.
I have a heavenly gifting. God said He would supply all my needs according to His riches and glory by Christ Jesus.
He said He would never see the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread.
Quote those scriptures over your life from Deuteronomy 28.
Quote Malachi. A lot of people say tithing is part of the law.
I am going to look at it like this: the old African chieftains would give a staff or some kind of tribal gift—this happened with Native Americans too—one tribe to the other would have a covenant stick.
They would give that stick or possession over to them, and that chieftain would carry that stick around with him showing that he was in covenant with that other tribe.
That tribe might have been a tribe of war, and all their markings represented that if you mess with that chieftain, you have to mess with that whole tribe of war.
Another person might have been really good at agriculture, so they were really good at sowing seeds and planting stuff; so in exchange, we will give you protection for your agricultural goods.
These people over here might have been really good at making clothes.
That chieftain gave the staff so his markings were on that staff.
That happened in Indian tribes and in African tribes, from what I understand.
It represented a covenant. My covenant exchange of what I give to my Father is my ten percent—my tithe.
I go to Him with that ten percent to the church or wherever God tells you to give, and I sow into a ministry and say, 'Lord, this is my ten percent.
This is what I am marking on Your stick—that I am part of Yours.'Some people do not want to believe that, but I do with all my heart.
God, I thank You, Lord, we have a covenant exchange: what is Yours is mine and what is mine is Yours.
You can ask me for anything in my covenant with You, and You said You would provide for me and take care of me.
Now they say that is part of the law. Well, if you are in grace and you do not want to live that way, where is your covenant exchange?
Every seed produces after its own kind; what you sow, you will reap.
It is biblical. If you do not sow into something, how are you going to reap?
If you do not have an exchange of finances to help and say, 'Hey God, I am putting what is most precious to me...'David said, 'I only gave what cost me something to the Lord.'It was valuable to him.
If it did not cost David something, he did not want to give it. It was a sacrificial gift.
If it hurts you inside—if it makes your flesh cringe—you are on the right road because you are crucifying your flesh.
You are showing God, 'You are more important to me than this dollar bill or this hundred-dollar bill.'He may ask you to give ten thousand dollars to a ministry or to your church to help them out on a project, maybe helping orphans.
I always look at the ground where you are sowing. This is important—you need to listen to me.
Where are they helping and how blessed are they in their ministry?
If you are helping Jews to get born again, helping orphans, or helping the widow, there is great blessing on that because it is the mandate of what Jesus said to do: take care of the orphan, take care of the widow, and take care of the people in prison.
But I also said those that bless Israel will be blessed and those that curse Israel will be cursed; the Bible says that.
So if you are sowing into trying to get the Jews to come home or helping a ministry that is ministering to the Jewish people, you are automatically going to be blessed by that because you are sowing into ground where He already said, 'Those that bless you, I will bless.'If you are going to help out the widow and she cannot mow her grass—or maybe she is your relative and she is too old to even take a bath or make food anymore—if you do like Meals on Wheels, you honor them and help them out.
Maybe you go get them an ice cream cone. They are alone; they need love. You show the love of God to the elderly.
There is something beautiful about that, and there is great blessing behind it.
When you take care of an orphan that does not have parents anymore, what you are believing for in this crash and this depression stuff—you do not have to participate in this.
It is not for you. You have a covenant with a God who loves you, and what you sow, you will reap. You need to do like Joseph.
This is what He also told me: 'I want you to see the widow when Elijah went to her.'He told her, 'First, make me some cake and a little meal.'She said, 'That is all I have.
We are going to eat that and we are going to die.'She was all negative; that is what she believed in her heart and said out of her mouth.
But God had another plan for her life. She had to take what she had and she had to sow it sacrificially to Elijah.
In her sacrificial gift, God multiplied her because the Bible says there was a famine in the land.
She is thinking, 'We are going to eat our last meal, our last wafer, and we are going to die,'but God had a bigger plan.
What did she have to do? She sowed in famine and she reaped more than a hundredfold.
She took all the oil and sold it, and the Bible says she had enough to basically get through all of the famine of what was going on around her.
If God would do it for them in the Old Covenant, how much more will He do it for you?
Obey and do what He has told you. God will extend and multiply your household.
I have seen that what is coming is terrible for the people who do not listen to Him.
If you are not listening and obeying, you are in trouble. So take that oil just like she did and sell it.
In Genesis 26, Isaac sowed in famine. There was a famine in the land, and Isaac sowed in famine.
In that famine, God blessed his crops and he reaped a hundredfold return in that same year. There is a miracle in itself.
He obeyed in famine—in drought—but he sowed in famine and reaped a hundredfold that same year.
Great harvest came to him, but what did he have to do? He had to sow the seed to reap the harvest.
It did not just happen. He did not go to his mailbox every day and say, 'Did the blessing come?'He had to act in faith. Faith without works is dead.
You have to be able to put your faith into motion to be able to reap out of the spirit realm because every seed produces after its own kind.
When you are sowing into what God tells you to do, like ministries and helping people, maybe you are sowing a seed by buying a widow woman some food or paying her electric bill.
Maybe she is living next door and you say, 'Lord, put it on my heart to pay her electric bill.'You sow into good ground.
Find good ground—that is what I am trying to tell you. The seeds that you planted today, you will reap. It is seed, time, harvest.
There is a seed, there is time, and there is a harvest, just like it is in the field where you sow the corn and watch for the blade, the ear, and then the full manifestation.
You have to realize that is the way the spirit realm operates, too. Do not be afraid about what is coming.
You have the ability to sow a seed, and in that ability, you have the ability to receive a harvest.
Look what He did for Isaac and Abraham in famine. There were famines in the land with Joseph—seven years of plenty and seven years of famine.
Google famines in the Bible. Look at what God did for the people in the Bible when there was a famine.
He always told them to sacrificially do something, but He always came through.
Elijah was sitting on the side of the river and the raven brought him the meal.
He did not have to worry about it every single day for a long time until He told him to move on.
A raven brought him his meal—I believe it was twice a day, at noon and at dinner time.
If you know ravens, ravens are dirty, nasty birds, but the Lord used that raven to bring Elijah the bread and took care of him for that whole season.
God will do anything He can to take care of you for what is coming.
Do not fear what is about to happen. Do not fear any kind of financial crash. Do not fear not having enough groceries on the shelf.
The Lord showed me people gathering around tables where their pots were empty and blessing the food, and the food coming into the pot supernaturally.
We serve a supernatural God, and Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
If He can bless some pots on the marriage feast's first miracle...
He was there for the celebration, and with the pots of water, He said, 'Go,'and Mary told them, 'Go and do whatever He tells you to do.'See, there it is again: obeying and sowing the seed.
They went and filled the pots full of water, and Jesus blessed those pots, and there were hundreds and hundreds of gallons of fresh new wine.
It took them acting in obedience to what the Lord and Mary told them to do—sowing a seed by putting in the water—and then Jesus blessed it. But it takes an act. Faith is an act.
It is not standing there and just waiting for something to happen; you have to put your faith into motion for the manifestation of what you are believing for.
If He tells you to put back silver, buy silver coins. If He tells you to buy a gun, do what He told you to do and the Lord will bless it.
The Lord just told me, 'What are you believing for?'I will go back to that when I was mowing the grass.
What are you believing for? Are you believing for the lack to happen to your house, Brandon?
Because what you believe for is going to manifest. Once you start speaking it out of your mouth, that is going to manifest.
You have to learn how to believe in drought and famine. Renew your mind with the Word of God and what He said He would do for you, and meditate on that Word.
Do not allow fear—even what I have told you is coming. That is not for fear; it is for preparation.
I am a watchman on the wall. I am on the wall looking out and saying, 'A storm is coming!'and what do other people do?
They get ready for the storm. We speak to the storms in our lives and cause them to dissipate.
Jesus was able to speak to a great storm while He was asleep on the boat.
He spoke, 'Peace, be still,'to the storm, and the waves and the seas were at peace.
You have the same ability inside of you because Jesus dwells on the inside of you, and the Bible says Greater works will you do than Him. You have that same ability dwelling on the inside of you.
The Holy Ghost dwells on the inside of you, and you have the same ability to do what He did—raise the dead, cast out devils, and heal the sick.
It is all the Great Commission. But it never said we would have to suffer through famine.
We may see the famine all around us, but I am not going to participate in it.
I refuse to participate in the financial crash. I refuse to participate in the Great Depression.
I will not live that with my children. In my house, we will have more than enough because I am a tither, a giver, a sower, and a believer.
I am not a doubter. Say it out of your mouth: 'I am a believer, I am not a doubter.
What God did for them, He will do for me.'He is no respecter of persons; if He took care of them, He will take care of me.
That is what He wanted me to tell you today. Believe for the impossible.
It may look like it is not going to happen—like that lady who thought she would cook her last meal and die.
What a bleak way to think, yet God had a plan. God has a plan for you.
How much more does God love you? That is what I have for you today. I hope this blessed you.
Now I am going to pray for you and give you some encouragement because God has a plan for you and He loves you.
He is more than able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think according to the power that is working through you.
You have to understand Jesus is going to use you, but you have to be listening to Him.
Listen to Him today. Many of you say, 'I do not hear Him at all.'I do not believe that.
Get silent. Get quiet. In that still, small voice, He will talk to you. Meditate on His Word, read it, and pray. Father, I love You.
You said Your sheep will know Your voice and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
I will not follow any kind of demonic spirit. I will not have a familiar spirit coming in and messing with my ears.
I will hear You, Lord, and I will follow Your voice concerning my life. I thank You, Father, that You are going to speak to me today.
I believe by faith—say this: 'I believe by faith I hear my Father's voice.'Stop saying, 'I do not hear Jesus.
I do not hear my Father.'Stop saying that because you have what you say.
You are reaping what you are saying because you are cursing yourself.
Stop it. Say, 'I hear God all the time. God is always speaking to me. He is always directing my path.
He always has a plan for my life.'The footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord, and I am righteous.
I am following You, Father. I hear You. I am not going to give up on hearing You.
I am believing today that You have a plan for my life. Seek Him daily, not just on Sunday.
He said, 'Those that seek Me will find Me.'Father, right now in the name of Jesus, I speak blessing over these people according to Deuteronomy 28.
Everything they put their hands to will prosper. You provide seed for the sower.
Father, whatever we sow we will reap, and I thank You, Lord; we thank You, Lord.
Some people need to cause a crop failure because they've sowed some bad seeds.
They have some bad seed in the ground, so Father, we repent over those seeds right now—word curses, things we said out of our mouth about somebody.
We denounce those word curses right now in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over our words, and we thank You, Lord, that You said in Your Word that You forgive us.
If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
I thank You, Lord, right now that You are able to forgive us and cleanse us. Father, we've sowed some bad seed here.
We curse the crops right now that we've sowed bad seed onto, and we believe for a financial harvest over our good seeds.
We believe for good things to come to us today. We thank You, Lord.
You bring good people across our path, like faith, to uplift each other; iron sharpens iron.
We plead the blood over epilepsy right now in the name of Jesus. We take authority over the spirit of epilepsy.
We thank You, Lord, that by the stripes of Jesus, epilepsy is healed.
We call eardrums to pop open. We speak to blinded eyes to see.
We say in the name of Jesus, brains are healed and whole and well—from tumors to diabetes, to Alzheimer's, to Parkinson's disease, to dementia, to any kind of brain disorder.
We speak to it in the name of Jesus and we call healing and wholeness and wellness over their bodies.
We speak to asthma; we command asthma to go now in Jesus'name.
I call healing and wholeness and wellness over our bodies in Jesus'name.
We say we're delivered from it. Father, we thank You, Lord, that no asthma come nigh us ever again.
We say in the name of Jesus, we're not obese anymore. We thank You, Lord, that we have a sound mind and self-control. We take authority over the spirit of obesity.
We thank You, Lord, that we have a spirit of self-control when we line up with the Word of God and we eat things that are good for us and we take care of our temples, Father, for this is Your dwelling place.
Father, we plead the blood over our bodies; we plead the blood from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
I call blood diseases healed and whole and well. I just saw that when I was praying—I just saw somebody out there has a blood disease.
I command AIDS to go from your body right now in the name of Jesus.
We cursed that demonic spirit of AIDS; we call you completely delivered from AIDS right now.
Hepatitis—I call hepatitis to leave your body right now in the name of Jesus.
I call the fire of God to dwell in you and burn that hepatitis out of your body in the name of Jesus.
I command you to be healed and whole and well from the top of your head to the soles.
Any sexually transmitted disease, we command you delivered in the name of Jesus.
From sexually transmitted diseases, we call you delivered from those—it's a foul devil—and we call you delivered from sexually transmitted diseases in the name of Jesus.
From the top of your head to the soles of your feet, we call you delivered and healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
We call cancer out of your body; we curse breast cancer; we call thyroid cancers; we call any kind of cancer—it does not matter what it is—it's all underneath the blood of Jesus and it's part of the curse, and Jesus Christ has redeemed you from the curse and we're not underneath that curse anymore.
We thank You, Lord Jesus, You paid the price for even cancer, diabetes, heart disease, high blood pressure, fibromyalgia—it doesn't matter, it's all underneath the blood of Jesus and we call you healed from it in Jesus'name.
You are our Great Physician, Lord, and You are working on our bodies and we receive it.
We take authority over those spirits of infirmity right now; we command deliverance and power over their bodies in Jesus'name.
We call restoration of marriages; we call blessing over the marriages in Jesus'name.
We call new jobs, great jobs, better offers, new locations when you relocate—if that's what the Lord's called you to do—to relocate and to get into another area for favor for a new job, favor for a new house, finances to get there.
Father, we thank You, Lord, that You're a God of more than enough, able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Father, we believe we receive this in the name of Jesus: restoration in homes, children coming home—the prodigals are coming home. We're calling in the prodigals.
Father, we start changing what we say out of our mouth and we start believing for blessing and not curses; we believe in the blessing of Deuteronomy 28.
Father, I thank You, Lord, we will not believe in what the devil says.
We're not believing for a COVID virus outbreak; we have authority over COVID.
We have authority over that virus; it will not touch our houses. We will not die from COVID.
We will take authority over that, and we don't have to be submitted underneath that devil. We don't have to have that in our home.
We put a bloodline over us, we put a bloodline over our house, we put a bloodline over our children, we put a bloodline over our elderly.
Thus far and no further, Satan! You have to be that bold; you have to believe it that strong.
Thus far and no further, Satan, you're not touching my house with COVID again.
We're not going to have a mandate and shutdown over our nation. No, where I live we have authority over it.
A lot of people are asking—like I said, if you're begging, you're not believing.
If you're begging Him to protect you from COVID, you're not believing.
You've got to know; you have to be fully persuaded like Abraham—fully persuaded that what God has promised He's able also to perform it in your life.
You've got to have that bulldog faith that says, 'I'm not letting go of what God's promised me.'You can't let the devil come by and put the package of poo-poo on your doorstep and say, 'Here, I got a gift for you.'No, I ain't taking your poo-poo package!
Get on out of here in the name of Jesus. The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy, but the Bible says that the Lord has come that you might have life and life more abundantly.
You better believe in the life-giving God that we serve in what's coming.
You better believe in what I'm telling you: that you have authority over demonic spirits and over COVID.
Yeah, we have to take D3, we have to take the vitamins, we have to take things because our soil and our stuff is so depleted—our things are not taken care of right because they're putting Roundup on our food and they're poisoning us.
But no weapon formed against you is going to prosper. You've got to do your part, though, is what I'm trying to tell you. You've got to take care of yourself.
You can't go out to McDonald's every day and eat cheeseburgers; you can't go out to Burger King and have a burger every day.
You need to start eating some salad sometimes; you need to eat some fish; you need to eat some lamb or whatever—some good stuff.
Take care of your temple. Garbage in, garbage out; good in, good out.
Renew yourselves—turmeric and things like that, ginger, and taking things inside of your body that kill cancer, fish oils, things like that.
Take care of your temple best you can—do your part. Sow good seed into yourself.
Eating the good things—that's what I'm trying to do right now, take care of my temple.
It's stinky, I don't want to do it, but it's part of it. Usually, I say if it tastes bad it's probably really good for you.
If it's salad or whatever, you start training your flesh. That's what I'm doing: training your flesh, going that direction again.
I'm not going to go out and have waffle fries from Chick-fil-A today; I'm going to have a salad today.
You've got to crucify your flesh; you've got to tell your flesh, 'Shut up, flesh!'That's what I'm doing.
Shut up, flesh! You're not going to rule over me; I'm ruling over you—spirit, mind, soul, and body.
You've got to rule over that. Renew your mind, renew your flesh, exercise—it's part of it.
I hope this video blessed you today. This is what I have for you all. You all have been such a blessing to me.
Please share this video on your Facebook and on your Instagram or Twitter or whatever.
Give me a like; give it to one of your family members and say, 'Watch this video, it'll bless you.'It blesses us.
We really appreciate all the love and the support, the financial donations. You all have been an overwhelming blessing to us.
My wife says thank you for the financial contributions that you've given us to help us out.
It is overwhelming how much support and blessing you are. You guys are awesome, and I just want to say thank you from the bottom of my heart.
My son says thank you, right? Yeah, thank you. God bless you guys.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. We'll see you next time. Have a blessed day. Bye-bye.